Update language to refer to new release tag formatting (#1615)
Azure/azure-sdk: docs/policies/releases.md

For language repositories which contain multiple packages, releases for each package are tagged in the format `<package-name>_<package-version>`.

> For language repositories where the repo is shipped as a single source unit, releases for the entire repo are tagged in the format `<release-version>`. For example: `1.0.0-preview.1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For language repositories where the repo is the primary shipping unit the releases should be tagged in the format `<release-version>` (i.e. `1.0.0-preview.1`). If there are other secondary assets that also ship from the same repo then those assets should use a identify for those assets and the version `<identifier-name>_<release-version>` (i.e. `tools_1.0.0-preview.1`). 
```

Reviewer 2: Building on top of @weshaggard suggestion to fix up typo (add a comma, change a -> an, identify -> identity).
```suggestion
For language repositories where the repo is the primary shipping unit, the releases should be tagged in the format `<release-version>` (i.e. `1.0.0-preview.1`). If there are other secondary assets that also ship from the same repo then those assets should use an identity for those assets and the version `<identifier-name>_<release-version>` (i.e. `tools_1.0.0-preview.1`). 
```

> For language repositories where the repo is the primary shipping unit, the releases should be tagged in the format `<release-version>` (i.e. `1.0.0-preview.1`). If there are other secondary assets that also ship from the same repo then those assets should use an identity for those assets and the version `<identifier-name>_<release-version>` (i.e. `tools_1.0.0-preview.1`). 

Reviewer 2: Unless @weshaggard meant identifier. :)
```suggestion
For language repositories where the repo is the primary shipping unit, the releases should be tagged in the format `<release-version>` (i.e. `1.0.0-preview.1`). If there are other secondary assets that also ship from the same repo then those assets should use an identifier for those assets and the version `<identifier-name>_<release-version>` (i.e. `tools_1.0.0-preview.1`). 
```
